README.md, before:

[![Open in SundaeBytes](https://www.kwasi.dev/web/image/1049-9d47fb8a/button.png)](https://devops.sundaebytestt.com/templates/github-devenv/workspace?param.Base+Image=sundaebytes%2Fubuntu-base-nodesktop-devenv-web-multieditor%3Alatest&param.CPU+Allocation=4096&param.RAM+Allocation=4096&param.git_repo=git@github.com:uwidcit/myAdvisorDev.git)

# myAdvisor
myAdvisor is an automated self-advising and GPA management system created for the use of the University of the West Indies students.
It aims to replace the current system of advising to an automated and faster system for greater convenience and efficiency.

This project is part of the Computer Science Programme at the University of the West Indies.
The project was originally worked on by:
- Seth Timothy
- Matthew Christian
- Nevash Gobin
- Akeel Henry

The following members continued to work on the project:
Alexis Pitypaul
Shalana Seuraj

The system would be designed using a PERN Stack architecture
PostgreSQL
Express
React
NodeJS

# Pre-requisites
### Environment Dependencies
1. nodemon
2. express
3. cors
4. pg
5. pg-store
6. dotenv
7. sequelize
8. bcrypt
9. jsonwebtoken
10. passport
11. passport-jwt

Commit message:

Updated README with current team info

README.md, after:

[![Open in SundaeBytes](https://www.kwasi.dev/web/image/1049-9d47fb8a/button.png)](https://devops.sundaebytestt.com/templates/github-devenv/workspace?param.Base+Image=sundaebytes%2Fubuntu-base-nodesktop-devenv-web-multieditor%3Alatest&param.CPU+Allocation=4096&param.RAM+Allocation=4096&param.git_repo=git@github.com:uwidcit/myAdvisorDev.git)

# myAdvisor 2024
myAdvisor is an automated self-advising and GPA management system created for the use of the University of the West Indies students.
It aims to replace the current system of advising to an automated and faster system for greater convenience and efficiency.

This project is part of the Computer Science Programme at the University of the West Indies.
The project was originally worked on by:
- Seth Timothy
- Matthew Christian
- Nevash Gobin
- Akeel Henry

The following members worked on the previous version project:
Alexis Pitypaul
Shalana Seuraj

The following members are part of the current development team:
Quinn Mohammed
Faith Shim
Jarrod Moore

The system would be designed using a PERN Stack architecture
PostgreSQL
Express
React
NodeJS

# Pre-requisites
### Environment Dependencies
1. nodemon
2. express
3. cors
4. pg
5. pg-store
6. dotenv
7. sequelize
8. bcrypt
9. jsonwebtoken
10. passport
11. passport-jwt
